+++
layout = "help"
title = "Participate in the Bidding"
type = "page"
url = "/help/for-teams/participate-in-the-bidding/"
userContentDescription = "<p>As a TM you can find \"Opportunity\" <em>(Project or Job)</em> for your Team with the status \"Bidding\" through the CoTeams search (search type - \"Opportunities\") or just follow a direct link on a desired \"Opportunity\".</p><p>To participate in the \"Opportunity\" bidding, click the \"Submit a Proposal\" button on the \"Opportunity View\" screen. After clicking this button, you can choose <em>(from the dropdown list)</em> who you want to send the proposal from (e.g. from a Team or from yourself as a Talent). You can only submit one proposal from one Team (or from yourself as a Talent). That way you can submit proposals from all the Teams you represent and even from yourself as a Talent.</p><p>After selecting the team from which you want to send the proposal, the \"Submit a Proposal\" screen will appear. You can specify your Team bid as a budget (does not include VAT). If you wish, you can also write a cover letter and attach a file (ZIP, RAR, XLSX, DOCS, PDF, PNG, JPG, TXT, PPT, MPP). If you click the \"Submit a Proposal\", the \"Opportunity View\" screen will open where you will see the \"My proposals\" section. There you can change the terms of your team proposal or delete it by clicking the 3-dots menu next to your proposal and selecting the required value.</p><p>Click the \"My Proposals\" in the \"My Opportunity\" section of the navigation menu to view all of your submitted proposals. There you will find all proposals from yourself (Talent's) and from the Teams if you are a TM of any Team.</p><p>On the \"Opportunity View\", screen you can leave comments by clicking the \"Leave your comment\" or \"+\" buttons to ask a question about the opportunity. You can leave a comment either from your Team or from yourself (as a Talent).</p><p>If the Client has assigned your Team to the \"Opportunity\", you will be notified via CoTeams Messenger and your email. In the notification messenger, you will find a link to the respective \"Opportunity\". The link will redirect you to the \"Opportunity View\" screen, where you can approve or decline the assignment. As soon as you approve the assignment, you will see this \"Opportunity\" in the \"Active Opportunities\" list.</p>"
userContentTitle = "Participate in the Bidding"
[menu.sidebar8]
weight = 1

+++
